About the job
As a Software Engineer on the WEX Benefits Technology team, you will work in a team that partners closely with Product Managers and customers to learn about the challenges employers face while navigating the competitive employee benefits landscape. You will design solutions that solve problems in ways our customers love and work for our business. You will build the highest quality software in the latest technologies and test driven development practices.

Responsibilities

Collaborate with stakeholders to learn about our customers biggest challenges.
Measure, inspect, and drive decisions using data.
Design, test, code, and instrument new solutions.
Develop and maintain CI/CD pipelines using tools such as Azure DevOps or GitHub Actions.
Implement Infrastructure as Code (IaC) using tools like Terraform.
Strengthen and drive our engineering process with TDD and BDD, Microservice and Vertical Slice Architectures.
Support live applications, promote proactive monitoring, rapid incident response, and continuous improvement.
Analyze existing systems and processes to identify bottlenecks and opportunities for improvements.
Mentor and learn from your peers, foster continuous learning within your team and organization.
Next items are specific to Level 1:
Learn our team’s process and best practices, and apply them to given tasks with help from peers and your manager.
Partner with and assist your peers on completing tasks.
Focus on continuous learning of new technologies.

Required Qualifications

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field; 
At least 1 year of experience in software engineering.
Strong problem-solving skills, excellent communication and collaboration skills.
Passionate about keeping up with modern technologies and design.

Technology Must Haves

C#, Python (if applicable)

Technology Must Haves Or Dedicate To Learning Quickly

Modern RDBMS (i.e. MS SQL, Postgres)
ASP.NET RESTful API design
Modern Web UI Frameworks (i.e. Angular, React, Blazor)
Docker
Kafka / event-driven design
Terraform
Kubernetes
Helm/ArgoCD
GitHub Actions
NoSQL databases
GraphQL

The salary range for this position is $66,000 - $87,000.

The base pay range represents the anticipated low and high end of the pay range for this position. Actual pay rates will vary and will be based on various factors, such as your qualifications, skills, competencies, and proficiency for the role. Base pay is one component of WEX's total compensation package. Most sales positions are eligible for commission under the terms of an applicable plan. Non-sales roles are typically eligible for a quarterly or annual bonus based on their role and applicable plan. WEX's comprehensive and market competitive benefits are designed to support your personal and professional well-being. Benefits include health, dental and vision insurances, retirement savings plan, paid time off, health savings account, flexible spending accounts, life insurance, disability insurance, tuition reimbursement, and more. For more information, check out the "About Us" section.